feat: add custom editor API (#312)
nuxt/content: docs/content/en/configuration.md

}
```

### `editor`

> You can provide a custom Editor for editing your markdownfiles in development mode. Just set the `editor` option to a path to your editor component. The code of the default editor you can find [here](https://github.com/nuxt/content/blob/master/packages/content/templates/editor.vue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide a custom editor for editing your markdown files in development. Set the `editor` option to a path to your editor component. The code of the default editor you can find [here](https://github.com/nuxt/content/blob/master/packages/content/templates/editor.vue).
```

```js{}[nuxt.config.js]

> // in Config

Reviewer: This comment is not needed

> {

Reviewer: I would actually display:

```js
content {
  editor: '~/path/to/editor/component.vue'
}
```

  editor: '~/path/to/editor/component.vue'
}
```

> Your component should implement the following 3 things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your component should implement the following:
```
